feature: add support for label/tags (#2853)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/process.rst

See the :ref:`config-process-selectors` documentation for details.

> The ``label`` directive can be also expressed as a `Map<key-value>` or a `key=value` sentence:

Reviewer: This now has been implemented with a new `resourceLabels` directive. Please update the docs

Author: @bentsherman can you take a look to (not sure if it's well expressed) https://github.com/nextflow-io/nextflow/pull/2853/files#diff-8b2232009593fccf012f8206c47ff7514a2fb5e4f98d190bbfafebbf36078c8fR1677

See the :ref:`config-process-selectors` documentation for details.

> .. _process-resourceLabel:
> 
> resourceLabel
> -----
> 
> The ``resourceLabel`` directive allows the annotation of processes with mnemonic identifier of your choice that
> will be used to tag the process when pipeline is running in AWS, Google or K8s
> 
> This directive is expressed as a `Map<key-value>` sentence:
> 
>   process bigTask {
>     resourceLabel organization: 'MyOrganization'
>     resourceLabel department: 'a department', group: 'a group'
> 
>     '''
>     <task script>
>     '''
>   }
> 
> ResourceLabels are useful, for example, to obtain information about jobs executed in a cloud environment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. _process-resourceLabel:

resourceLabel
-----

The ``resourceLabel`` directive allows you to add metadata to cloud resources associated with a task. Resource labels are particularly useful for tagging compute resources to specific users or teams, e.g. for cost tracking. This feature is currently supported for AWS Batch, Google Batch, and Kubernetes.

Resource labels are specified as key-value pairs::

  process bigTask {
    resourceLabel organization: 'MyOrganization'
    resourceLabel department: 'a department', group: 'a group'

    '''
    <task script>
    '''
  }
```
